What is Angular?
Angular is a JavaScript framework which allows us to create reactive single page applications (SPA's).


Whats it with different versions of Angular?
Angular 1 -> AngularJS
There was a complete rewrite of the framework from Angular 1 to 2.
Angular 2 (2016)
Angular 4
.   (There is a new version every 6 months)
.   (They had small incremental changes)
.   (They are mostly backwards compatible)
Angular 12
Note the remaining versions are the updations of Angular 2.


Whats Angular CLI?
Angular CLI makes it wasy to create applications out of the box that follows industry standards and the best practises.

npm install -g @angular/CLI
ng new my-dream-applications
cd my-dream-app
ng serve

Whats TypeScript?
TS is a super set of JS, Angular uses TS. It's a strongly typed language.
TS is compiled to JS, thus JS is run the browser. Angular works like a bridge between TS and the browser.


How does an Angular project boot up?
First the src/main.ts file is accessed from the project folder, here the AppModule is passed as an argument to
the bootstrapModule, further in app.module.ts we give AppComponent as a value to the bootstrap property in the NgModule,
then angular analyzes the app components and knows the selector i.e. app-root, thats how angular is able to handle app root in index.html.

Note: Angula is a JS framework which changes the DOM i.e. HTML at runtime.

How to create components via CLI?
ng generate component component-name or ng g c component-name
it creates boiler code for components, i.e. initializes a component folder with files.


What is the template and styles property/string in the component.ts file?
the template property specifies the HTML code, we can either specify the raw html code or the template url by
specifying the path of the component.html file. Specifying the html template in the coomponent.ts file is aka inline.
similarly, we have the styles and styleURLs for the CSS properties that allow us to style and design our html code.


What are selectors?
A selector is used to identify each component uniquely into the component tree, 
and it also defines how the current component is represented in the HTML DOM.
we can specify the selector as an attribute by specifying in the brackets eg. [app-server]
else we can also specify the selector as a class that we can use in different html elements .app-server


What is databinding?
It can be defined as the communication binding between the TS code i.e. business logic and the HTML template.
String interpolation({ data }), Property binding([property]="data") -> outputs data i.e. TS Code to HTML Tempalte.
Event binding((event)="expression") -> inputs data or react to users events i.e. HTML Template to TS Code.
Two Way Binding([(ngModel)]="data") -> combination of both, ip/op.

Note: databinding, especially property and event binding requires us to know the properties or events of the html elements
you can simply google Element_name properties or Element_name events to know more about the events or properties.

Note: npm install bootstrap@next --save is used to install bootstrap 4 in a project.

How to install bootstrap into you Angular project?
This will add bootstrap 4 to your project. -> npm i bootstrap@next --save
Next go to your src/style.css file and import bootstrap there -> @import "../node_modules/bootstrap/dist/css/bootstrap.min.css";
Finally in angular.json file add path in styles -> node_modules/bootstrap/dist/css/bootstrap.min.css"


What are directives in Angular?
Directives are classes that add additional behavior to elements in your Angular applications. 
E.g. Attribute directives—directives that change the appearance or behavior of an element, component, or another directive.

Note:The prefix ng stands for "Angular;" all of the built-in directives that ship with Angular use that prefix.
Similarly, it is recommended that you do not use the ng prefix on your own directives in order to avoid possible name collisions in future versions of Angular.


Whats ngIf?
The ngIf directive removes or recreates a portion of the DOM tree based on an {expression}.
If the expression assigned to ngIf evaluates to a false value then the element is removed from the DOM, otherwise a clone of the element is reinserted into the DOM.

